README.md, before:

## Gradient Augmented Level Set Method - CPU & CUDA
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/acrlakshman/gradient-augmented-levelset-cuda.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/acrlakshman/gradient-augmented-levelset-cuda)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/acrlakshman/gradient-augmented-levelset-cuda/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/acrlakshman/gradient-augmented-levelset-cuda)

* Implementation of Gradient Augmented Level Set method in both CPU and GPU (using CUDA).

### Build instructions

```sh
git clone https://github.com/acrlakshman/gradient-augmented-levelset-cuda --recursive
cd gradient-augmented-levelset-cuda
mkdir -p build && cd build
cmake .. -GNinja && ninja -j 4
```

License
-------

BSD 2-Clause License. Please check the accompanying [LICENSE].txt file

Acknowledgements
----------------

[Pradeep Garigipati] for helping with cmake.

[Ryan Krattiger] for helping with cmake.

[LICENSE]:https://github.com/acrlakshman/gradient_augmented_levelset_cuda/blob/master/LICENSE
[Pradeep Garigipati]:https://github.com/9prady9
[Ryan Krattiger]:https://github.com/rjk9w5

Commit message:

added vec3 updated travis build
* vec3 to improve cache performance.
* travis file updated to include coverage in documentation.
* fixes #24.

Signed-off-by: Lakshman Anumolu <acrlakshman@yahoo.co.in>

README.md, after:

## Gradient Augmented Level Set Method - CPU & CUDA
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/acrlakshman/gradient-augmented-levelset-cuda.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/acrlakshman/gradient-augmented-levelset-cuda)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/acrlakshman/gradient-augmented-levelset-cuda/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/acrlakshman/gradient-augmented-levelset-cuda)

* Implementation of Gradient Augmented Level Set method in both CPU and GPU (using CUDA).

### Build instructions

```sh
git clone https://github.com/acrlakshman/gradient-augmented-levelset-cuda --recursive
cd gradient-augmented-levelset-cuda
mkdir -p build && cd build
cmake .. -GNinja && ninja -j 4
```

License
-------

BSD 3-Clause License. Please check the accompanying [LICENSE].txt file

Acknowledgements
----------------

[Pradeep Garigipati] for helping with cmake.

[Ryan Krattiger] for helping with cmake.

[John Van Gilder] for helping with coverage tools.

[LICENSE]:https://github.com/acrlakshman/gradient_augmented_levelset_cuda/blob/master/LICENSE
[Pradeep Garigipati]:https://github.com/9prady9
[Ryan Krattiger]:https://github.com/rjk9w5
[John Van Gilder]: https://github.com/JohnVanGilder
